CSE 308 Individual Homework, Part 2

The goal of the individual homework is to get experience building a small web application before you begin designing your group project. 

Part 2 will involve making two additions to the system you've built in Part 1. Please complete Part 1 and ensure it is working before trying to implement these changes.

The completed homework will be due on Tuesday, September 17, 2019. 


SUBMISSION INSTRUCTIONS

You will be expected to demonstrate this project working on your local machine and also submit your code in a zip file on Blackboard. If you use alternative technologies, briefly state the steps to setup your environment and what OS you built it on in a README file.


GRADING

Part 1 and 2 will be worth a combined total of 10 points. You will get 5 points for completing all of the required functionality in Part 2.


REQUIRED FUNCTIONALITY 

All of the requirements for Part 1 and the following new requirements for Part 2:

- For any contact, enable storing and viewing the "Contact Type". A "Contact Type" can be "Personal", "Work", "School", or "Other". 
- For any contact, that contact can only have one "Contact Type" selected. Use radio buttons to take in and display the "Contact Type".


For the second addition you can choose one of the following two features to implement. Choose whichever seems more helpful to your project or more interesting. 

Option 1:
- Enable the user to upload a profile picture for any contact.
- Enable the user to see the profile picture of a contact when viewing that contact's details.

To make this easier, you can have the system only work with images of one type (e.g. JPEG) and assume the image will be uploaded in the appropriate size. 


Option 2: 
- Enable authentication for the website, so that a user must log in to be able to see the contacts.
- Use the OAuth framework to provide authentication: https://oauth.net/ 

To make this easier, you can assume that if any user logs in, they see and edit the same list of contacts as any other logged in user.
